and is offered in DJ missionary Gordon
in NZ Tegan had enough t turns black
English leg and Aaron palace in moyock
butch beard heightened click Edit
soundtracks very modern songs on balance
Yaga Jade sander watt tieder bonita want
materially Shannon given burning
anointing unfed karl lagerfeld often
Thomas not one beccanti DJ in an implant
in garden for Dingle bear I'll budget on
dividing fine position mr. Lagerfeld
called me in the middle of the night
because I need something for your own
lines i just found the music
functionalities not so good and you know
it was like two o'clock in the morning
could you comment it's in the morning at
then you know anything okay I do it you
know my name mitts on a note when teens
for car lockout head begin to coborns
kuvira international DJ once I clear had
a Yiddish an air show in gampaha sheet
of dvds in vinton midam Motown hit who
love you baby from Donna Summer
on dog DVDs and summer with a madness on
our house
I mean the music was like it wasn't easy
but like you know when you had the House
of Chanel and you have all those girls
coming in of the door and they were
singing our house the middle of the
street I mean it was like you know it
was funn suzy michelle goba and manda
mosey kissed zuzia is Delphina debts I'm
canuck under thousand oil or get depo
Yaphet Ortega house at six thousand
teachers Indians anna itunes biblioteca
listed as my huntington taka voters that
one Alec complexes PA goban is
possessing from Shannon before Dennis
Tito me high schools and tapped out
naturally let's say a fashion show I
mean it's pretentious to say that but
it's like a movie or it's like a video
clip you know sort of course your eyes
to make sense together it's not you know
we're going to put our favorite records
together I mean this could be also a
story but most of the times yes we try
to tell the whole story or at least
highlight some kind of mood or something
that would treasure before mine Parrish
oldest Parisian designer Raf Simons we'd
go bear pop music de arteaga yeah
clannish beagle under Clyde on joined
easy stashed along and I to heighten
their high-tech Jordan Taylor skating
passing through the soundtrack Anakin
Apache only system hidden isthmus on
consume first even hotter music is like
an image to me it shows it recalls you
it reminds you of something that you
know I makes you think of something else
which is not necessarily music so it can
remind you of the other situation so it
can remind you of a place you can remind
you of a period of time but you have a
vision when you hear the music you know
so that's why so that music is like an
image it might be easier to remember
than in the image as a matter of fact
van video project madam chef designer
from eastern LaVon stefano pilati at
cabela's negative on music and speed
dial is yet
mit cenamos across valve at the men are
collects on the sponsors motor houses
from go bazooka yoga Fiat the silica
sister and say it went
sound of silver talk to me for the IFS I
wrong video it was very new york time
you know so already that was a guideline
that's why you know i went to some new
read and maybe some underground like
disco stuff from that period of time Ian
then I'll see some system of course it
was like all the obvious New York things
at least the New York the way I say they
understand it and then we've definitely
mixed it all you know with 40 share and
and all these kind of things and I think
the movie was great don't go by bus just
as perfect a bit yes materialistic music
and Steenkamp
I realized you know long time I got like
the biggest selling records of all time
where movie soundtracks you know so
because people are like associated an
image you know we're moving in and it
makes it even stronger you know and I
noticed that sometimes at fashion show
went before you like the show and they
really like the music it's not i'm not
saying that because i did the music
because like they fit together I mean if
I'd the record with me I could sound
like billions of it in that respect
that's why I think like music is like an
image because it's like yeah it is